You're serious.
Boss Wu Daren
Help me give this token to the commander and receive it
It's hard for me to patrol
Daren voluntarily returns home
Su Xu
If you really quit, what should I do?
Keep your voice down.
I already know who the murderer is. Who?
Don't you notice the smoke here?
Is it similar to the smoke from the missing children case?
Well, there's also the key.
It's exactly the same as the Wind and Rain Temple.
You mean my old dog is the murderer?
Then why didn't he kill us?
Yes!
This happy road
The murderer will come
In that case
Why don't we do it first?
How about catching him
Ha ha.
The little fool can't even beat him with red beans
Not to mention you
What can be done then?
Treat others with the way of others
Use this.